docs: update README.md (#168)
WomenWhoCode/london: README.md

> [![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]

Reviewer: Really nice!! 🚀

[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]

# Welcome to Women Who Code London Community :sparkles: :computer:

The Women Who Code London is a community dedicated to inspiring women to excel in their technology careers. Our events cover various topics around software engineering.
If you're interested in joining the community as a member or volunteer please visit our [website](https://www.womenwhocode.com/london) or join [our slack](https://bit.ly/wwcodelondonslack).

Check out [Code of Conduct](https://www.womenwhocode.com/codeofconduct/)

# About Mentorship Programme

> Mentorship is a fantastic way to get support for your personal growth and career development. Within mentorship relationships,  individuals can experience mutually beneficial outcomes that extend to both their personal and professional lives. Engaging in mentorship offeers a chance to hone communication skills, broaden perspectives, and explore innovative approaches to various situations. Moreover, this collaborative journey allows both mentors and mentees to make significant leap in their career journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mentorship is a fantastic way to get support for your personal growth and career development. Within mentorship relationships, individuals can experience mutually beneficial outcomes that extend to their personal and professional lives. Engaging in mentorship offers a chance to hone communication skills, broaden perspectives, and explore innovative approaches to various situations. Moreover, this collaborative journey allows mentors and mentees to make a significant leap in their career journey.
```

   
3. Install Bundler. For more information, see [Bundler](https://bundler.io/)

### Build and run

- Run on terminal `bundle install`

- Run on terminal `bundle exec jekyll serve`

- Access the page on browser: http://127.0.0.1:4000

> ## External Links about GitHub Pages

Reviewer: I would move this outside of `How to Run Project Locally` as the last session, `External Resources` for example.

> ## External Links about GitHub Pages

Author: ```suggestion
### External Links about GitHub Pages
```
